Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
To return so triumphantly is
a dream I thought I would never achieve.
We are one step closer to bringing peace
and prosperity to the entire universe.
This is all because of you, Princess.
We did it together, Lotor.
I would have never even known
of Oriande without you,
and therefore could have never
unlocked its secrets.
We'll see intel
in your briefing
and decide what to do.
- Maybe we can--
- Lotor.
Oh, no.
Uh... who the heck are you?
How dare you speak to me without
authorization from Blood Emperor Lotor.
Ow!
She was my governess.
No one has used the term "Blood Emperor"
since before we were a star-faring race.
And these are my colleagues.
They have more than my permission
to speak.
Everyone, this is Dayak.
-Hi.
-A pleasure.
-Hiya.
-Hello.
Nice to meet you.
So, to what do we owe the honor?
Word of your victory at the Kral Zera
has spread throughout the empire.
I always knew you had it in you
to crush your enemies.
Dayak's raised you from a child to a man,
and now I'll witness your ascension
to the throne.
Wait, she raised you from a child?
Aww, is this your nanny?
-Governess.
-You have a nanny!
Is she going to read you bedtime stories?
Is she gonna rock you to sleep?
Is she gonna--? Ow!
I instructed Lotor
in the ways of the Galra.
The history of our conquests, our customs,
battle philosophy, the art of war.
Hmm, Galra customs, huh?
Is that like when you guys say
"vrepit sa" and stuff?
There's so much we don't know about you.
If you're interested
in our society's history,
you couldn't find
a better teacher than Dayak.
What Lotor says is true.
Oh, wow. Would you really teach me
about the Galra?
What you wanna know
about the Galra for?
We're gonna be working with Lotor to
bring peace through the empire, right?
Makes sense the more we know
about their society, the better.
If you are to learn the ways of the Galra,
be prepared for the most challenging trial
you could ever undertake.
There will be no turning back.
Victory or death.
Uh, oh, that's okay.
Hunk, you're a Paladin of Voltron.
There is no challenge too great for you.
-Will I learn what "vrepit sa" means?
-Yes.
Let's do it!
Let's get to that briefing.
The civil war continues unimpeded.
More and more Galra forces
are leaving to join other factions.
Sendak has claimed the most deserters.
They call themselves
"the Fire of Purification."
It is time I address all Galra
and make my claim as emperor absolute.
Is that going to start with you
freeing planets?
It's not that easy.
My grip on the empire is tenuous as is.
I need to proffer an alternative
to our current state.
That's why it is so important
that Allura and I gain access
to the quintessence field.
Are we to focus all of our energy on that?
It is paramount.
However, we cannot let the empire
fall apart.
I will address my people
at the astral conflux.
How is holding these weights
gonna help me learn Galra history?
-Palen-bol!
-Ow!
For the mind to learn,
the body must be broken.
-Broken? Seems a little drastic.
- Palen-bol!
Ow! What does that mean?
It means "the enlightening pain."
But apparently there is not enough pain
to make you enlightened yet.
-So you're gonna hurt me until I'm smart?
-Yes!
Aww.
The Galra race started as a nation tribe
on planet Daibazaal,
home to many warring races at the time.
In the war to annihilate
the opposing tribes,
the Galra formed a phalanx
of their bravest
and made a spear-like attack
to the heart of their foes.
It was known as the Killing Thrust,
or Vrepit Sa.
Oh, so that's what Vrepit Sa means?
"Killing Thrust"? That's so violent.
-Palen-bol!
-Ow!
Yes, it is violent.
The Galra believe combat
is the searing light
that burns away imperfections
on every level,
from personal to societal.
-Cool. Can't I maybe take a break?
-Breaks? There are no breaks!
Your training is finished when you have
learned all pain has to teach you.
Oh, man. That's so intense.
If you decide
to leave your training early,
it is an insult to my teaching.
An insult that can only be settled
by a fight to the death.
So you're saying a fight to the death
is the only way out of this?
Ow! Okay, yeah, you just said that.
I guess I am getting smarter.
You must replicate
your father's work
if we are to use this ship
to enter the quintessence field.
-But how?
-Something you learned in Oriande.
Something your father learned
to become the superior alchemist he was.
How he built Voltron is the key.
My lord.
It is time to prepare for your speech.
It seems my empire needs me.
Please continue.
Galra brothers and sisters,
I am your emperor, Lotor,
son and successor of Zarkon.
Slayer of a tyrant,
child raised in the void
and taught on the battlefield.
There are rumors of doubt
regarding my leadership.
Do not let them poison your ears.
Pledge loyalty to me,
and I will deliver the Galra Empire
unto times of untold prosperity.
An age of unlimited quintessence,
the likes of which this universe
has never known.
Commander, radiation belt approaching.
-Soon I will raise our grand empire
-Initiate shield.
above the indigence and violence
of its past
up to new heights of peace
and limitless possibility.
Those factions that splintered from
the empire will pay for their treachery.
I urge you now,
send me your messages of fealty.
Those who choose to turn their backs
on their emperor...
will find themselves
lost to the sands of history,
unremembered and unmourned.
You can't possibly be thinking
about pledging to him.
And what's all that about
becoming a peaceful empire?
-He's too weak to be our emperor.
-Enough.
Lotor lit the flame.
We are honor-bound to do as he says,
even if it is... strange.
We will be pledging to Lotor.
You're weak, too.
Maybe I didn't make myself clear,
Lieutenant Lahn.
I'm in charge of this shielding facility,
my word is law.
Aye, sir.
Shield at 85 percent.
Next radiation event in three vargas.
Recharge and prepare
for the next radiation sequence.
Open a hailing frequency to Galra command.
Sir, hostile ships incoming.
Sending a message to Lotor, are we?
And to think,
I came here to offer you a chance
to serve in the Fire of Purification.
Fire the ion cannon.
Ow! Ow!
I did everything you told me!
Yes, but that doughy face
of yours is very un-Galra.
It's just my face!
Ha!
Very good.
-Owwie!
-Showing complacency?
-Palen-bol!
-Ow, ow, ow!
The planet has already been fired upon
and we do not have the means
to protect ourselves.
You must send assistance immediately.
-Understood.
-What's going on?
One of our labor planets is under attack
from Sendak and his fleet.
Sendak? Not that guy again.
We've got to help that planet immediately.
Sendak would have me respond
to his attack and neglect my empire.
Voltron can handle this
while you continue to rule.
But, Princess, I need you here.
Without you--
Your plan has waited this long.
It can wait a tick longer.
We must protect your innocent subjects.
Of course. You're right.
We will return as soon as we can.
Looks like I'm gonna
have to cut my training short.
You dishonor me. A fight to the death!
Okay, well, I've got to go
with them right now.
But maybe we can put a pin in that?
Reschedule for tomorrow? Or never?
Hey, Dayak isn't really gonna fight me
to the death, is she?
Is she?
She seemed pretty serious.
But I bet if you ask Lotor nicely,
he can have her exiled.
Oh, that'd be nice.
I'm not really in the mood
to die, you know?
Uh, speaking of, anyone else scared
that we're to face Sendak?
Sendak "who almost took
all the Lions" Sendak?
And who basically came back
from the dead Sendak, that guy?
Come on, Hunk. We're Paladins.
We got this. Right, Shiro?
Shiro?
Pidge is right.
Let's focus on our mission.
Take heed.
Galra citizens who side with Lotor
will be destroyed.
Here at your new master's bidding?
We've arrived at the coordinates.
We can't go any further
without losing power.
Stay on course.
Shiro, are you all right?
I'm fine.
Come on, team, let's form Voltron!
Sir, cannons aimed at Voltron.
No. Aim them
at the shield station.
I know your true weakness.
That you value the lives of others.
And I will hammer that weakness
until you are crushed beneath my heel.
No! Without those panels in place,
the planet will be fully exposed!
Which means?
No protection
from radiation bands!
The entire planet is doomed.
Take us out of here. We've won the day.
We can't let him get away!
There's no time. We've gotta fix
that shield as soon as--!
-Shiro, are you all right?
-I'm fine.
We can't leave that planet unprotected.
We are the Paladins of Voltron,
working with Emperor Lotor.
We're here to help you.
What is the status of your shield system?
Paladins, I am Commander Bogh.
Our damage report indicates
that a plate has been fractured.
Our generator is offline
and needs rebooting.
Other plates have shifted out of their
harnessing and must be repositioned.
Only five doboshes
until the next solar sequence.
You're engineer, Hunk.
How should we handle this?
We need to split up.
Pidge, you handle the generator system.
I'm gonna need Shiro to come with me.
I can use his arm
to power the mainframe.
Okay, good.
Allura, Lance,
re-fuse that fractured plate.
-Affirmative.
-You got it!
-I'm gonna try to get the plates aligned.
-Okay. We've got our orders. Let's move!
Where's this plate need to be lined?
You're moving plate 7-2.
It needs to be aligned with plate 8-1.
Got it, but those other plates
are out of position.
There's no way I'll move them all myself.
I can activate the manual thrusters
on some of the plates.
It will be slow-going, but I--
First you side with Lotor
and get our system attacked by Sendak.
Then you willfully work with Voltron,
our sworn enemies!
Get to your station
and begin the thrust sequence.
That's an order!
Are you freaking kidding me?
Palen-bol!
-Huh?
You're both a dishonor.
Do you fight for yourselves
or do you fight for the Galra?
-Galra!
Then victory or death!
Enough of the bickering!
We're going to die
because of Commander Bogh.
You know, long ago,
there was a desperate group of Galra
that thought they were going to die.
They executed a spear-like attack
known as the Killing Thrust.
Those soldiers knew what it meant
to put life on the line.
They won the day.
Are you ready to put aside
your differences and fight with me?
-Vrepit Sa!
I guess all that pain
did make me smarter.
Pidge, I need you
to restore main shield power
-to get gravitational harnessing going.
-We're on it.
Okay, Shiro, let's jack your hand
into that terminal
and we'll get this thing
running in no time.
Okay, broken massive shield plate.
Don't suppose there's a video
on how to fix this, is there?
Make sure connection's straight.
If it's even one degree off,
the shield will fail.
That's not a tutorial!
If you hold them in place,
then I could freeze them together.
But I don't think the ice
will stand the radiation for very long.
Maybe after you freeze them,
I could use my heat ray
to weld them together.
-Great idea, Lance!
-Aww. Thanks, Princess.
Couldn't have thought of it
without you.
Really, I think we make a great team.
Here we are working together,
just the two of us.
Let's go, Lance.
This isn't going fast enough!
They're all in place!
That should hold them.
Hope this works!
We did it!
Nice job, guys.
Pidge, you ready?
We're almost at the radiation belt.
Hold on.
I just need a few more minutes.
Uh, guys, that radiation belt
is getting closer!
Last piece in place.
Fire up that power, Pidge.
Shield's up!
Shiro, no!
What's going on
with the plates?
Allura!
Aaah!
Lance!
Lance, please respond!
The broken plate shorted out.
Lance isn't responding,
Allura jumped out of her Lion...
What else could possibly go wrong
right now?
Pidge, what happened to the power?
We're almost at the radiation belt.
I know. I'm on it.
Come on, Shiro.
No.
No, no!
Let's try this again.
Radiation exposure in four...
- Pidge, hit it now!
- Three...
Come on.
Two...
One...
- Great job!
- It worked!
Shielding complete.
Recharge and prepare
for the next radiation sequence.
Huh?
You saved me.
I owed you one.
Thank you for reminding us
what it means to be Galra.
-Vrepit Sa!
Vrepit Sa!
Man, that's weird to say.
Nice work out there, Hunk.
That Galra training
really toughened you up.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org